**Meeting  Minutes August 27 <sup>nd</sup> 2020**


# Table of Contents

* [Kickoff Review](#Kickoff-Review)
  
* [Reference Data](#Reference-Data)
  * [Context](#Context)
  * [Decision](#Decision)
  * [ACTION ITEM](#ACTION-ITEM)
* [POLICY Review](#POLICY-Review)
  * [Decision](#Decision)
  * [ACTION ITEM](#ACTION-ITEM)
* [Next Steps](#Next-Steps)


## Agenda



- **Kickoff Review** <a name="Kickoff-Review"></a>

  - Git Repository is setup and published. The link can be accessed at [Data Architecture and Data Model Management Repo ](https://github.tfs.toyota.com/Veritas/DataArchitecture-DataModel-Management) 
  - The Team Wiki is published and can be accessed  [Data Architecture and Data Model Wiki](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3Ac54ae079637b4c0fb6c6405513ec413c%40thread.tacv2/tab%3A%3A77f98ff9-fbe3-4244-9f53-bab7ce91f9f6?groupId=d60d61ea-4cae-484c-af55-fb2885ab7377&tenantId=8c642d1d-d709-47b0-ab10-080af10798fb)
  - All meeting notes will be posted in git and will be available on GIT

    

- **Reference Data** <a name="Reference-Data"></a>
  - **Organizing and Mastering the  Alternate Phone Number and Addresses  used in collection process**
    - **Context**:  
     - Alternate phone numbers and address are used today as part of collection  and also used in transactional routing and measuring post campaign efficacy. As part of COVID collection initiative, the phone numbers need to be organized. The implementation clarification is this data is considered to be part of MDM and hence mastered.
      - There is **no existing  policy** that governs what MDM rules are. David Ho suggested all transactional  entity data should be mastered unless it is for operational only purposes.  Guru mentioned the NC/NR need rules to be applied to this dataset, Venu educated all that the data is currently stored as a BLOB already in CEP. The current use case implies that this data is a highly volatile and falls in the category of 3rd party data.  
   - **Decision**
      - As an exception:  It was decided that this data is not MDM and does not need to be stored  and mastered inside the MDM system. The Data Supply will  implement  by organizing  data as part of the pipeline and will make it available to downstream system
    - **ACTION ITEM**
      - **Arun Gurumurthi , David Ho**   will provide  policy guidelines on  as part of  discussion with governance council on how to handle party/entity data  and its propensity to be part of the MDM ecosystem. **ETA** : Plan Update next week



- **POLICY Review** <a name="POLICY-Review"></a>
  - Retention Policy and Purge Policy was the topic of discussion. **David Ho** gave us an update on a  2014, 60 page document that references retention  policy.  There not enterprise rule or policy that has been published as part data governance. and is still in the works. Gaurav Lal, he has been implementing archival as part of Data Quality implementation as part of application level policy. Lack of policy  impedes one from having conversation with business counterparts.
  - Time did not permit to remaining  policy's. David Ho will be reviewing them in the next session. 
  - **Decision**
    - For the current implementation, archival of unused over 3 years data and programs will be filed from the filesystem where there are space issues. In absence of a policy, this will allow for teams to  have conversation with the Business Partner (e.g. SAS IFRS)
  - **ACTION ITEM**
    - **Arun Gurumurthi , David Ho**   will provide  policy guidelines on  as part of  discussion with governance council on how to Retention and Archival. **ETA** : Plan Update next week





## Next Steps <a name="Next-Steps"></a>


- **Policy Review** to continue in the next meeting
- **Action Items** will be reviewed in the next meeting


































